Questionaries  on AWS 
Q1) What is AWS?
Q2) What are the components of AWS? Q3) What are key-pairs?
Q4) What is S3?
Q5) What are the pricing models for EC2instances? Q6) What are the types of volumes for EC2 instances? Q7) What are EBS volumes?
Q8) What are the types of volumes in EBS? Q9) What are the different types of instances? Q9) What are the different types of instances? Q11) What are reserved instances?
Q12)What is an AMI? Q13) What is an EIP?
Q14) What is Cloudwatch?
Q15) What are the types in cloudwatch?
Q16) What are the cloudwatch metrics that are available for EC2 instances?
Q17) What is the minimum and maximum size of individual objects that you can store in S3?
Q18) What are the different storage classes in S3? Q19) What is the default storage class in S3?
Q20) What is glacier?
Q21) How can you secure the access to your S3 bucket? Q22) How can you encrypt data in S3?
Q23) What are the parameters for S3 pricing?
Q24) What is the pre-requisite to work with Cross region replication in S3? Q25) What are roles?
Q26) What are policies and what are the types of policies?
Q27) What is cloudfront? Q28) What are edge locations? Q30) What is VPC?
Q31) What is VPC peering connection? Q32) What are NAT gateways?
Q33) How can you control the security to your VPC? Q34) What are the different types of storage gateway? Q35) What is a snowball?
Q36) What are the database types in RDS? Q37) What is a redshift?
Q38) What is SNS?
Q39) What are the types of routing polices in route53? Q40) What is the maximum size of messages in SQS?
Q41) What are the types of queues in SQS? Q42) What is multi-AZ RDS?
Q43) What are the types of backups in RDS database?
Q44) What is the difference between security groups and network access control list?
Q45) What are the types of load balancers in EC2? Q46) What is and ELB?
Q47) What are the two types of access that you can provide when you are creating users?
Q48) What are the benefits of auto scaling? Q49) What are security groups?
Q50) What are shared AMI's?
Q51)What is the difference between the classic load balancer and application load balancer?
Q52) By default how many Ip address does aws reserve in a subnet? Q53) What is meant by subnet?
Q54) How can you convert a public subnet to private subnet? Q55) Is it possible to reduce a ebs volume?
Q56) What is the use of elastic ip are they charged by AWS?
Q57) One of my s3 is bucket is deleted but i need to restore is there any possible way?
Q58) When I try to launch an ec2 instance i am getting Service limit exceed, how to fix the issue?
Q59) I need to modify the ebs volumes in Linux and windows is it possible. Q60) Is it possible to stop a RDS instance, how can I do that?
Q61) What is meant by parameter groups in rds. And what is the use of it? Q62) What is the use of tags and how they are useful?
Q63) I am viewing an AWS Console but unable to launch the instance, I receive an IAM Error how can I rectify it?
Q64) I don't want my AWS Account id to be exposed to users how can I avoid it? Q65) By default how many Elastic Ip address does AWS Offer?
Q66) You are enabled sticky session with ELB. What does it do with your instance?
Q67) Which type of load balancer makes routing decisions at either the transport layer or the
Q68) Which is virtual network interface that you can attach to an instance in a VPC?
Q69) You have launched a Linux instance in AWS EC2. While configuring security group, you Have selected SSH, HTTP, HTTPS protocol. Why do we need to select SSH?
Q70) You have chosen a windows instance with Classic and you want to make some change to the Security group. How will these changes be effective?
Q71) Load Balancer and DNS service comes under which type of cloud service?
Q72) You have an EC2 instance that has an unencrypted volume. You want to create another Encrypted volume from this unencrypted volume. Which of the following steps can achieve this?
Q73) Where does the user specify the maximum number of instances with the auto scaling Commands?
Q74) Which are the types of AMI provided by AWS?
Q75) After configuring ELB, you need to ensure that the user requests are always attached to a Single instance. What setting can you use?
Q76) When do I prefer to Provisioned IOPS over the Standard RDS storage?
Q77) If I am running on my DB Instance a Multi-AZ deployments, can I use to the stand by the DB Instance for read or write a operation along with to primary DB instance?
Q78) Which the AWS services will you use to the collect and the process e- commerce data for the near by real-time analysis?
Q79) A company is deploying the new two-tier an web application in AWS. The company has to limited on staff and the requires high availability, and the application requires to complex queries and table joins. Which configuration provides to the solution for company's requirements?
Q80) Which the statement use to cases are suitable for Amazon DynamoDB?
Q81) Your application has to the retrieve on data from your user's mobile take every 5 minutes and then data is stored in the DynamoDB, later every day at the particular time the data is an extracted into S3 on a per user basis and then
your application is later on used to visualize the data to user. You are the asked to the optimize the architecture of the backend system can to lower cost, what would you recommend do?
Q82) You are running to website on EC2 instances can deployed across multiple Availability Zones with an Multi-AZ RDS MySQL Extra Large DB Instance etc.
Then site performs a high number of the small reads and the write per second and the relies on the eventual consistency model. After the comprehensive tests you discover to that there is read contention on RDS MySQL. Which is the best approaches to the meet these requirements?
Q83) An startup is running to a pilot deployment of around 100 sensors to the measure street noise and The air quality is urban areas for the 3 months. It was noted that every month to around the 4GB of sensor data are generated. The company uses to a load balanced take auto scaled layer of the EC2 instances and a RDS database with a 500 GB standard storage. The pilot was success and now they want to the deploy take atleast 100K sensors.let which to need the supported by backend. You need to the stored data for at least 2 years to an analyze it. Which setup of following would you be prefer?
Q84) Let to Suppose you have an application where do you have to render images and also do some of general computing. which service will be best fit your need?
Q85) How will change the instance give type for the instances, which are the running in your applications tier and Then using Auto Scaling. Where will you change it from areas?
Q86) You have an content management system running on the Amazon EC2 instance that is the approaching 100% CPU of utilization. Which option will be reduce load on the Amazon EC2 instance?
Q87) What does the Connection of draining do?
Q88) When the instance is an unhealthy, it is do terminated and replaced with an new ones, which of the services does that?
Q89) What are the life cycle to hooks used for the AutoScaling?
Q90) An user has to setup an Auto Scaling group. Due to some issue the group has to failed for launch a single instance for the more than 24 hours. What will be happen to the Auto Scaling in the condition?
Q91) You have an the EC2 Security Group with a several running to EC2 instances. You changed to the Security of Group rules to allow the inbound traffic on a new port and protocol, and then the launched a several new instances in the same of Security Group.Such the new rules apply?
Q92) To create an mirror make a image of your environment in another region for the disaster recoverys, which of the following AWS is resources do not need to be recreated in second region?
Q93) An customers wants to the captures all client connections to get information from his load balancers at an interval of 5 minutes only, which cal select option should he choose for his application?
Q94) Which of the services to you would not use to deploy an app? Q95) How do the Elastic Beanstalk can apply to updates?
Q96) An created a key in the oregon region to encrypt of my data in North Virginia region for security purposes. I added to two users to the key and the external AWS accounts. I wanted to encrypt an the object in S3, so when I was tried, then key that I just created is not listed.What could be reason&solution?
Q97) As a company needs to monitor a read and write IOPS for the AWS MySQL RDS instances and then send real-time alerts to the operations of team. Which AWS services to can accomplish this?
Q98) The organization that is currently using the consolidated billing has to recently acquired to another company that already has a number of the AWS accounts. How could an Administrator to ensure that all the AWS accounts, from the both existing company and then acquired company, is billed to the single account?
Q99) The user has created an the applications, which will be hosted on the EC2. The application makes calls to the Dynamo DB to fetch on certain data. The application using the DynamoDB SDK to connect with the EC2 instance. Which of respect to best practice for the security in this scenario?

Q100) You have an application are running on EC2 Instance, which will allow users to download the files from a private S3 bucket using the pre-assigned URL. Before generating to URL the Q101) application should be verify the existence of file in S3. How do the application use the AWS credentials to access S3 bucket securely?
Q101) You use the Amazon CloudWatch as your primary monitoring system for web application. After a recent to software deployment, your users are to getting Intermittent the 500 Internal Server to the Errors, when you using web application. You want to create the CloudWatch alarm, and notify the on-call engineer let when these occur. How can you accomplish the using the AWS services?
Q102) You are designing a multi-platform of web application for the AWS. The application will run on the EC2 instances and Till will be accessed from PCs, tablets and smart phones.Then Supported accessing a platforms are Windows, MACOS, IOS and Android. They Separate sticky sessions and SSL certificate took setups are required for the different platform types. Which do describes the most cost effective and Like performance efficient the architecture setup?
Q103) You are migrating to legacy client-server application for AWS. The application responds to a specific DNS visible domain (e.g. www.example.com) and server 2-tier architecture, with multiple application for the servers and the database server. Remote clients use to TCP to connect to the application of servers. The application servers need to know the IP address of clients in order to the function of properly and are currently taking of that information
from TCP socket. A Multi-AZ RDS MySQL instance to will be used for database. During the migration you change the application code but you have file a change request. How do would you implement the architecture on the AWS in order to maximize scalability and high availability
Q104) Your application currently is leverages AWS Auto Scaling to the grow and shrink as a load Increases/decreases and has been performing as well. Your marketing a team expects and steady ramp up in traffic to follow an upcoming campaign that will result in 20x growth in the traffic over 4 weeks. Your forecast for approximate number of the Amazon EC2 instances necessary
to meet peak demand is 175. What should be you do avoid potential service disruptions during the ramp up traffic?
Q105) You have a web application running on the six Amazon EC2 instances, consuming about 45% of resources on the each instance. You are using the auto-scaling to make sure that a six instances are running at all times. The number of requests this application processes to consistent and does not experience to spikes. Then application are critical to your business and you want to high availability for at all times. You want to the load be distributed evenly has between all instances. You also want to between use same Amazon Machine Image (AMI) for all instances. Which are architectural choices should you make?
Q106) You are the designing an application that a contains protected health information. Security and Then compliance requirements for your application mandate that all protected to health information in application use to encryption at rest and in the transit module. The application to uses an three- tier architecture. where should data flows through the load balancers and is stored on the Amazon EBS volumes for the processing, and the results are stored in the Amazon S3 using a AWS SDK. Which of the options satisfy the security requirements?
Q107) An startup deploys its create photo-sharing site in a VPC. An elastic load balancer distributes to web traffic across two the subnets. Then the load balancer session to stickiness is configured to use of AWS-generated session cookie, with a session TTL of the 5 minutes. The web server to change Auto Scaling group is configured as like min-size=4, max-size=4. The startup is the preparing for a public launchs, by running the load-testing software installed on the single Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance to running in us-west- 2a. After 60 minutes of load-testing, the web server logs of show the following:WEBSERVER LOGS | # of HTTP requests to from load-tester system | # of HTTP requests to from private on beta users || webserver #1 (subnet an us- west-2a): | 19,210 | 434 | webserver #2 (subnet an us-west-2a): | 21,790 | 490
|| webserver #3 (subnet an us-west-2b): | 0 | 410 || webserver #4 (subnet an us-west-2b): | 0 | 428 |Which as recommendations can be help of ensure that load-testing HTTP requests are will evenly distributed across to four web servers?
Q108) To serve the Web traffic for a popular product to your chief financial officer and IT director have purchased 10 m1.large heavy utilization of Reserved Instances (RIs) evenly put spread across two availability zones: Route 53 are used to deliver the traffic to on Elastic Load Balancer (ELB). After the several months, the product grows to even more popular and you need to additional capacity As a result, your company that purchases two c3.2xlarge medium utilization RIs You take register the two c3.2xlarge instances on with your ELB and quickly find that the ml of large instances at 100% of capacity and the c3.2xlarge instances have significant to capacity that's can unused Which option is the most of cost effective and uses EC2 capacity most of effectively?
Q109) An AWS customer are deploying an web application that is the composed of a front-end running on the Amazon EC2 and confidential data that are stored on the Amazon S3. The customer security policy is that all accessing operations to this sensitive data must authenticated and authorized by centralized access to management system that is operated by separate security team. In addition, the web application team that be owns and administers the EC2 web front-end instances are prohibited from having the any ability to access data that circumvents this centralized access to management system. Which are configurations will support these requirements?
Q110) A Enterprise customer is starting on their migration to the cloud, their main reason for the migrating is agility and they want to the make their internal Microsoft active directory available to the many applications running on AWS, this is so internal users for only have to remember one set of the credentials and as a central point of user take control for the leavers and joiners. How could they make their actions the directory secures and the highly available with minimal on-premises on infrastructure changes in the most cost and the time- efficient way?
Q111) What is Cloud Computing?
Q112) Why we go for Cloud Computing?
Q113) What are the deployment models using in Cloud? Q114) Explain Cloud Service Models?
Q115) What are the advantage of Cloud Computing?
Q116) What is mean by Region, Availability Zone and Edge Location? Q117) How to compare EBS Volumes?
Q118) What is cold HDD and Throughput-optimized HDD? Q119 What are the virtualization types available in AWS?
Q120) What Is Lambda edge In Aws?
Q121) Name The Several Layers Of Cloud Computing? Q122) What is IaaS?
Q123) What is PaaS? Q124) What is SaaS?
Q125) Which Automation Gears Can Help With Spinup Services? Q126) What Is an Ami? How Do I Build One?
Q127) What Are The Main Features Of Amazon Cloud Front?
Q128) When attached to an Amazon VPC which two components provide connectivity with external networks?
Q129) What is the best approach to anchor information for conveying in the cloud ?
Q130) What Is Amazon CloudSearch and its highlights ?
Q131) Is it feasible for an EC2 exemplary occurrence to wind up an individual from a virtual private cloud?
Q132) Is it conceivable to push off S3 with EC2 examples ? Q133) What do you comprehend by AWS?
Q134) I'm not catching your meaning by AMI? What does it incorporate? Q135) Is vertically scale is conceivable on Amazon occurrence?
Q136) What number of capacity alternatives are there for EC2 Instance? Q137) What are the mainstream DevOps devices?
Q138) What is the Difference Between Public Subnet and Private Subnet ?
Q139) We have a custom VPC Configured and MYSQL Database server which is in Private Subnet and we need to update the MYSQL Database Server, What are the Option to do so.
Q140) What is the Difference between the Service Role and SAML Federated Role.
Q141)) What is the difference between the Administrative Access and Power User Access in term of pre-build policy.
Q142) What are the benefits of STS (Security Token Service). Q143) What is the maximum file length in S3?
Q144) Which service is used to distribute content to end user service using global network of edge location?
Q145) What is ephemaral storage?
Q146) What are shards in kinesis aws services?
Q147) I have some private servers on my premises also i have distributed some of My workload on the public cloud,what is the architecture called?
Q148) Which cloud model do Developers and organizations all around the world leverage extensively?
Q149) An high demand of IOPS performance is expected around 15000.Which EBS volume type would you recommend?
Q150) How can you monitor the health status of your EC2 instances? Q151) What are the types you have in kinesis ?
Q152) What are some differences between EKS, ECS, and Fargate?


